The story has nothing to do with Xiaoyu
Crazy, he has a reason for half his life
Since he is with you
So now that he's tied up, it's also his difference
He's just a kid.
I beg you.
It doesn't matter.
Anyway
Soon you will say goodbye to this world
Why did I give Ma Liang three days?
If he can't find me
I will kill him
This is my agreement with him.
This is the central axis.
Here is Rakshasa
If so far
He has no mana at all now
It's impossible to get here.
How about that?
Did I seal his mana?
Hahaha
I'm not here. I
hateful
Oh, stop struggling.
Burned his own right path
You are just like a mortal now
You can't be right now
OK
I'm almost there
Oh, dear.
How about some?
scram
Tell you
You touch my daughter
It seems that you want to die now
So be it.
seating
I'll send you on your way